Document class elbioimp2
------------------------
A LaTeX document class for the Journal of Electrical Bioimpedance
(This is revised version of 'elbioimp' to implement the new layout.)
Version 2.0.1 dated 28th September 2020


Files
-----
README                     - this file
elbioimp2.cls              - the document class
elbioimp2-head.png         - document header image (in PNG)
elbioimp2-head.eps         - document header image (in EPS)
elbioimp2-basis.tex        - a basis for writing your own articles
elbioimp2-guidelines.tex   - a test document
elbioimp2-guidelines.pdf   - the test document (processed)
demo.bib                   - a sample bibliography
test-ill.png               - an illustration for the test document
elbioimp-documentation.tex - the document class documentation
elbioimp-documentation.pdf - the documentation in PDF formastr


Licence
-------

This document class and the documentation are distributed according to
the LaTeX Project Public License, see http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt


Requirements
------------
The document class should run with any recent standard LaTeX distribution; 
it was tested with TeXlive 2020. The following packages are needed:

babel    - for handling language settings
biblatex - for handling the bibliography
csquotes - for internationbal quote marks
cmbright - for using the Computer Modern Bright font
color    - for coloured text
fancyhdr - for modifying the page headers
fontenc  - for using the T1 font encoding
geometry - for specifying page dimensions
graphicx - for including images
hyperref - for hyperlinks
ifthen   - for simple if-tests
pagelstx - for getting the page number of the last page
textcomp - for access to the © character
titlesec - for modifying the section headers
url      - for typesetting e-mail addresses and URLs

Also, the program 'biber' is needed to prepare the bibliography.

All these should be available in a standard LaTeX distribution.
However, the `vancouver' BibLaTeX style is fairly recent, so you 
may need to update your biblatex files if they does not contain
`vancouver'.


Installation
------------

Put elbioimp2.cls and the two elbioimp2-head.* files in a folder where
LaTeX will find them. (Remember to rebuild the file name database.)

(If you don't know how to do this, you may just put the files in the
same folder as your LaTeX files.)


Documentation
-------------

For documentation, see the file elbioimp2-documentation.pdf.


Use
---

I recommend starting with a copy of elbioimp2-basis.tex. Modify 
the settings (as specified in the comments -- look particularly 
for the word "OPTION") to write your article.
